# Bulls-and-Cows
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bulls_and_Cows"> Bulls and cows</a> is a game where the player tries to guess the number generated by the computer based on clues given by the program. It is based on a pen paper game of the same name. The more commercially popular games "Mastermind", and "Wordle" are based on this.<br>
The rules of the game are as follows:
<ul>
  <li>A key is generated by the computer, and the player has to make guesses as to what the key is. The player wins when their guess matched the key.</li>
  <li>The player gets twelve tries to guess what the key is.</li>
  <li>The key has 4 digits from 0-9, and no digit is repeated. Each guess made by the player must also pertain to this rule.</li>
  <li>A number in the players guess that is in the key in the same position as it is in the guess is called a "Bull"</li>
  <li>A number in the players guess that is in the key but not in the same position as it is in the guess is called a "Cow"</li>
  <li>After each guess, the player is told how many Bulls and Cows their key contains. The player must use these clues to make further guesses.</li>
</ul>
The repository has:
<ul>
  <li> A command_line.py file for playing the game throughthe command line</li>
  <li> A gui.py file that was made using tkinter</li>
  <li> And files for a flask application for a website where you can play the game.</li>
</ul>
The minimax file tries to predict the optimal output using <a href="http://www.cs.uni.edu/~wallingf/teaching/cs3530/resources/knuth-mastermind.pdf">Donald Knuth's algorithm</a>.
